Acknowlegment section (#63)
courtois-neuromod/cneuromod_docs: source/ACKNOWLEDGMENT.md

# How to acknowledge

> We require that all publications using the cneuromod data include the following language in the acknowledgement section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We require that all publications using the cneuromod data include the following paragraph in their acknowledgement section:
```
